Sister, this Wang Kang is the most terrifying person in Daxia.
The people you come into contact with will have other fates.
Your Majesty, that old man is so useless.
The subordinate just asked him to give something to the princess.
He actually said it was too much. No one can give anything to the princess,
Can’t anyone? Yes, what happened to Laofang?
If the princess pays attention to sex, will she definitely die?
We have to find the truth of the matter at any time, but it’s so bad,
If someone really wants to harm the emperor, then the political situation must have been compromised long ago.
As long as you do it, you will definitely leave a lot of it.
The Queen Mother is really like a god in everything she does
People from Prince Rui's Mansion
I really want to go in and see Yun Linglong
Fortunately, we divided the losses first and went to Yun Linglong.
Have your day and night of clothing and accommodation
must be trouble
It's going to be dark tonight Yun Linglong
But it’s not a good time
This time we
You must take advantage of this opportunity
Turn them all into adults
The Queen Mother means
Don't let him leave the old house or something, right?